hello yuzu toriel on the three piles of
you I have no idea what the heck this
card trick is called I just need to make
a car trip my name for it and it
involves three piles and it is very
mathy all right so you take you can ask
the spectator just shuffle it before
hand ever because it's all math there's
whatever cards you use it doesn't matter
so you take 21 cards and you put make
three piles of seven so one two three
four five six seven one two three four
five six seven one two three four five
six seven
all right so a spectator to choose a
pile all right choose this one
so now memorize a card in this pile okay
now let's say they memorize the queen of
clubs okay they don't take it they just
memorize it they don't point to it or
anything okay now you put that pile in
the middle of these two piles okay now
you do it turns out from left to right
now that's from my angle now if you were
the one let's say this was your
spectator this guy you go put one two
three and deal out one two three one two
three okay
but just because I'm doing it I'm going
to face you just remember all right so
all right ask spectator to choose a pile
choose this one is your card in this
file yes it is the queen of clubs that
was completely random I do not know at
all sometimes sometimes it's on the last
one okay so now you put there their pile
in the middle again so now you deal it
out one more time one two three ones
from left to right and the order of the
cards cannot be mixed up all right now
which pile
mr. part in this pile no it's not okay
is your card in this pile no it does not
alright just to make sure because if
they forget or anything mess it up just
to make sure is your friends pop queen
of clubs right here yes it is okay so
now he's sticking in the middle again
no you spell out abracadabra or you just
count to 11 so in your head or spelling
it out loud you go one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten now on the
eleventh card you flip it over and
that's the card no you can try to find
how this whole trick works it's very
Matthew I've not cared to follow card
yet all I know is that it works every
single time if I do it right and it's
pretty cool alright thanks for watching
three piles of do